Here in this tool,
let's see what we can do here.
If we scroll down in the shapes toolbar,
you're going to see that we have compute resources.
These are specific to AWS,
and we have what we call container which is where we're going to start,
and those are again related to AWS.
There are several others such as storage, databases,
and as you can see they're grouped in
a logical fashion so that you can find things when you need them.
So let's go ahead and start.
Usually, the very first container that you're going to have is called the AWS Cloud.
So I'm going to click on the AWS Cloud container and drag it into my work surface.
Now, this Cloud container it just represents your account,
it's just a visual to show you hey this is
my AWS account and if there are resources outside of the AWS account,
this gives you the opportunity to have these boundaries where you can have
this line specifying what's inside and what's outside.
One example that I could give you right now is I can click search here and type users,
and you will have users here and I'm going to drag this over here,
and I'm going to change the text,
and I'm just going to call it users.
What this means is if you have a web application that you're running,
the users means the web visitors
and those are going to be obviously outside of your cloud,
they just come from the internet in this case.
Now, once we have our account,
the very first container that you could come up with from this list would be the region.
However, in this case and in the real world,
you're going to be working within a region most of the time.
Why? Because your business is going to be centered around a specific geographic region.
If you have a business in California,
chances are that the customers are going to be in the same area unless you
are part of a global company that needs to do a multi-region deployment.
So we're not going to do that here,
we're going to limit ourselves to a single region.
So I'm not going to specify the container for region to
keep things more readable and easy to understand for you.